Prepare release 2.53.1 (#14452)
prometheus/prometheus: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

## 2.53.1 / 2024-07-10

> Fix a bug which would drop samples in remote-write if the sending flow stalled
> for more than one "WAL segment". How long this takes depends on the size
> of your Prometheus; as a rough guide with 10 million series about 2-3 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug which would drop samples in remote-write if the sending flow stalled
for longer than it takes to write one "WAL segment". How long this takes depends on the size
of your Prometheus; as a rough guide with 10 million series it is about 2-3 minutes.
```
